Local auth mount documentation (#12970)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/concepts/identity.mdx

## Local Auth Methods

**Vault Enterprise:** All the auth methods will generate an entity by default 
when a token is being issued, with the exception of token store. This is applicable 

> for both shared mounts and local auth mounts (using `local=true`) when Vault replication 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for both mounts that are shared between clusters and cluster local auth mounts (using `local=true`) when Vault replication 
```

is in use.

> If the goal of the marking an auth method as `local` was to comply to GDPR guidelines, 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the goal of marking an auth method as `local` was to comply to GDPR guidelines, 
```

> then care must be taken in not setting data pertaining to local auth mount or local auth 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
then care must be taken to not set the data pertaining to local auth mount or local auth 
```
